DOCS-2573: Clustered Backup Strategies (#1675)
truenas/documentation: content/Solutions/Integrations/SMBClustering.md

![WindowsFileExplorereAccessClusterShare](/images/TrueCommand/2.2/WindowsFileExplorereAccessClusterShare.png "Cluster Volume Share Options")

## Clustered Back Up Strategies

> Contact our Support Staff at http://support.ixsystems.com to discuss your clustered back up strategy options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TrueNAS Enterprise Customers can contact iX Support to discuss your clustered back up strategy options.
{{< expand "Contacting iX Support" "v" >}}
{{< include file="static/includes/General/iXsystemsSupportContact.html.part" html="true" >}}
{{< /expand >}}
```
